CSS notes:
    1. CSS stands for cascading style sheets.It is used to describe
    the presentation of HTML , XML pages. 
    2. There are 3 different ways to add CSS to our document:
        1.External stylesheet.
            If we create a new file for css only it is called
            External CSS
        2.Internal Stylesheet.
            If we write style command in the heading and then
            try to complete the css it is called Internal CSS
        3.In-line CSS.
            If we use style as an attribute tjem it's called 
            inline css it takes precedent over anytype of css.
    3.CSS Anatomy:
        example:
            p{
                font-size: 50px;
                color:green;
            }
        In here the p is a tag a SELECTOR
        What is inside the brackets are called declarations
        the color here is called PROPERTY and GREEN IS 
        PROPERTY VALUE.
        The whole structure is called RULESET/RULE.
    There are 3 different types of selectors in CSS.
        1.Element Selector:
            It is created using something like body{then PROPERTY
            and PROPERTY VALUE}
        2.Class Selector.
            It is defined by a ".{classname}" manner.Used to select
            a specific class element.There can be more than one
            type of classes in a single HTML file
        3.Id Selector
            It is defined by a "#{idnName}" manner.
            There should be only 1 ID per page
        4. Universal Selector.
            It is defined by a "*" manner.
            It selects everything on the page.

    Cascade meaning of CSS it means that in CSS everything works
    as in a top-down manner or waterfall manner.
    Class with universal specificity can overwrite the funtions
    given to it by element selectors.

    "!important" overrides everything 
    Border tag is used to create a border around a specific area.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    CSS colors:

        Background-color sets the Background to a desired color.
        We can save colors in many different ways one being rgb
        function.
        rgb color takes 3 arguments
        rgba takes 4 last one deciding the transparency of the text.
        hexadecimal color palette also works from 0-9 and also uses
        alphabets A-F.
        HSL in color means hue saturation and lightness.
        color tools:
        Checker tools:
            coolers.co
            webaim.org
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    CSS Units and Sizes:
        default font-size in any browser is 16px.
        If we use html{font-size:16px;}
        we will declare 16px as the absolute value
        for the font-size.
        People generally use rem to manipulate font-size.
        Rem means that font-size will  be that number of
        times of the root element.
        Even if we change the font-size of the parent element
        of which we are using rem it'll not change because it's
        not dependent on the parent element's font size.
        EM is also an PROPERTY of css that can be used.
        But em depends on the parents too.
        We use EM mostly on paddings and margins.

        Width also has another relative property namingly
        ch which sets the character width of the text that
        appears on the page.

        Percentage:
        Let's say we want to change the width of an
        element. If we change the width of its parent
        then the width of it will be the specified
        percentage of the width of it's parent.
        It is mostly used to set the size of a page.

        There's two viewport elements that are left those are
        viewportwidth(vw) viewportheight(vh).
        VW acts as similar to %width but %width is better.
        The body of the page is never the full height of the page
        it only grows along with it's contents.Sometimes we want
        a body that is full height of the page.We can do that 
        using vh.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    CSS Box Model:
        In the CSS Box model first comes the content on the most inside layer
        of the box then comes the padding layer then comes the border and then
        comes the margin of the box.
        Usually the margin of a h1 box is set as 0.67em as default in the
        browser.The em is dependent mostly upon the font-size of the element.
        All the minute details can be hard to remember that's why we use a 
        simple css reset. 
        If we write auto after giving the specs of the margin it'll center the
        margin horizontally (in the middle of left and right).

        The default box size set by the browser is called content-box.
        Content-box doesn't account for the padding and the border so if 
        you give it a width of 400px it will not include the padding and 
        border in the 400px and the total would be more than 400px.

        For the case of border box it considers the total of the width given
        as the total area including the padding border and content that's why
        if you give the border box a width of 400 px it will give the content
        space 348px and the padding 24px and the border 2px and keep the whole
        box below 400px.ALTHOUGH MARGIN is NOT INCLUDED in the calculation.


        If we create a class in our HTML file we can manipulate that class in 
        CSS by using .[className]{} as an reference.

        There can be different types of margin.
        top-right-bottom-left. both margin and padding works in this manner.

        For border we also have these four but we can break out attributes like
        border-top into border-top-width,border-top-color,border-top-style etc.

        Outline is not part of the box model because unlike border it doesn't
        takes up any extra space.
        It has two attributes offset which decides the position. It can also 
        take negative values too.

        We may use the border radius attribute to set the height and width of
        a class to half of it's specified height and width and that will help
        us create a circle.